Add documentation on CF API concurrency rate limit (#72)
SAP-docs/btp-cloud-platform: docs/10-concepts/cloud-foundry-environment-9c7092c.md

-   On SAP BTP, the Cloud Foundry API is protected by a rate limit against misuse. The limit is in the range of a few 10k requests per hour per user.

> -   In addition to the general rate limit on the Cloud Foundry API, requests for certain API endpoints related to services face a separate limit on concurrent requests (see details [here](https://docs.cloudfoundry.org/running/rate-limit-cloud-controller-api.html#Rate%20Limit%20Responses:%20Service%20Brokers)). The CF API responds with http status code 429 if a rate limit is reached and provides a Retry-After header suggesting when the client should attempt a retry.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-   In addition to the general rate limit on the Cloud Foundry API, requests for certain API endpoints related to services face a separate limit on concurrent requests. The Cloud Foundry API responds with HTTP status code `429` if a rate limit is reached and provides a Retry-After header suggesting when the client can attempt a retry. For more information, see https://docs.cloudfoundry.org/running/rate-limit-cloud-controller-api.html#Rate%20Limit%20Responses:%20Service%20Brokers .
```
